# Meeting Notes

### Date & Time: 19th of December 2024, 17:00 - 17:30

### Attendees:
- Ken
- Annemieke
- Lars

### Agenda:
1. Weekly Reflection
2. Questions
3. Planning for the Coming 2 Weeks
4. Upcoming Deadlines
5. Next Meeting
6. Recap

---

### 1. Weekly Reflection
**What did I do:**
- Changed P2 time to 22-01-2025 16:45

- Describe how the use of SAM will make the mesh reconstruction different compared to regular methods
- Describe and structure my own use of SAM so far (for now put it in methodology)
- Structure related work

- Expanding the theoretical framework:
  - Change the first subquestion + add how to measure accuracy (precision, recall, f1-score)
  - Building level segmentation (make plot accuracy vs resolution)
  - Make list of all the KPIs we want

**Theoretical framework changes:**
- In the light of narrowing my scope: I think we need to talk about if we want to also add semantics to the final model, or only use the segmentation for the KPI for point addition. Maybe that is already enough.
- In the light of narrowing my scope: Not comparing different segmentation strategies anymore, but just choosing for the SAM model. 
- Simplified the input data part

---

### 2. Questions
- Feedback on moving away from also having semantics included (narrow scope)
- How to measure the quality of an implicit mesh? (look for how they did it in ImpliCity)
- Can I send my P2 draft in the second week of christmas holiday?
- Annemieke: any comments on Zotero?

---

### 3. Planning for the Coming 2 Weeks
- Christmas break
- Read more on implicit meshes and think about how I will implement them with adaptive refinement
- Make draft for P2

---

### 4. Upcoming Deadlines
- Wednesday 22-1-2025: presentation P2
- Wednesday 15-1-2025: sent P2

---

### 5. Next Meeting
- Schedule and plan for the next session.

---

### 6. Recap
- Research proposal
  - Focus more on the contribution in the research plan
  - The contribution should come back in the introduction and in the research questions
  - Make a comparison with dense model output

- How to link buildings through images
  - Use 3D bag for building detection

- KPI/how to measure xyz
  - How can we use the derived KPI to refine the mesh -> iterative?
  - Regarding KPI in the subquestions -> question can just be how, KPI is the answer
  - Measure mesh quality -> measure against pictures, measure against 3DBag but just for roofs
  - Qualitative -> with points, quantitative with ahn

- Short hands on
  - Write more about the tools, data in the p2 report
  - also if there is efficiency goal in the problem statement -> benchmark test, comparing to other methods.

- Literature research
  - Sharp edges problem: look at thesis-> sitong (https://3d.bk.tudelft.nl/ken/files/24_sitong.pdf)
  - Work on where I want to add more literature in the first hour on thursday.
  - Maybe by putting everything in the p2 template and add points where things are missing.
